c:\users\stefan\source\repos\Angler gui\Angler gui\bin\Debug\Angler gui.exe.config
c:\users\stefan\source\repos\Angler gui\Angler gui\bin\Debug\Angler gui.exe
c:\users\stefan\source\repos\Angler gui\Angler gui\bin\Debug\Angler gui.pdb
c:\users\stefan\source\repos\Angler gui\Angler gui\bin\Debug\Angler gui.xml
c:\users\stefan\source\repos\Angler gui\Angler gui\obj\Debug\Angler gui.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\stefan\source\repos\Angler gui\Angler gui\obj\Debug\Angler_gui.Form1.resources
c:\users\stefan\source\repos\Angler gui\Angler gui\obj\Debug\Angler_gui.Resources.resources
c:\users\stefan\source\repos\Angler gui\Angler gui\obj\Debug\Angler gui.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\stefan\source\repos\Angler gui\Angler gui\obj\Debug\Angler gui.vbproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\stefan\source\repos\Angler gui\Angler gui\obj\Debug\Angler gui.exe
c:\users\stefan\source\repos\Angler gui\Angler gui\obj\Debug\Angler gui.xml
c:\users\stefan\source\repos\Angler gui\Angler gui\obj\Debug\Angler gui.pdb
C:\Users\stefan\source\repos\Blinkit\Angler gui\bin\Debug\Angler gui.exe.config
C:\Users\stefan\source\repos\Blinkit\Angler gui\bin\Debug\Angler gui.exe
C:\Users\stefan\source\repos\Blinkit\Angler gui\bin\Debug\Angler gui.pdb
C:\Users\stefan\source\repos\Blinkit\Angler gui\bin\Debug\Angler gui.xml
C:\Users\stefan\source\repos\Blinkit\Angler gui\obj\Debug\Angler gui.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\stefan\source\repos\Blinkit\Angler gui\obj\Debug\Angler_gui.Form1.resources
C:\Users\stefan\source\repos\Blinkit\Angler gui\obj\Debug\Angler_gui.Resources.resources
C:\Users\stefan\source\repos\Blinkit\Angler gui\obj\Debug\Angler gui.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\stefan\source\repos\Blinkit\Angler gui\obj\Debug\Angler gui.vbproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\stefan\source\repos\Blinkit\Angler gui\obj\Debug\Angler gui.exe
C:\Users\stefan\source\repos\Blinkit\Angler gui\obj\Debug\Angler gui.xml
C:\Users\stefan\source\repos\Blinkit\Angler gui\obj\Debug\Angler gui.pdb
